What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A hidden .git folder is created in the main working directory. This file is used to store all the meta data in this folder and the subdirectories of the main working directory. You may also specify which files and folders to track and store meta data on.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	
	The staging area is a list of files you want to commit to the repository. The working directory contains all the files related to the project. The staging area lets you pick which files you want part of the commit. This lets you add a quick description related to the files you are about to commit to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	If you have made multiple logical changes to multiple files, you can add the files you want for that logical change before commiting them to the repository. You can then repeat the process for the remaining logical changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	You may need to have different versions of the same code but with some small differences. Like different language support. Or you are exploring different features that you want to get ready for the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	By linking commits in a one way chain starting from the most recent commit.

git checkout -b new_branch_name is the same as running git branch new_branch_name and then git checkout new_branch_name

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do? 

	The result of merging two branches gives you a new branch with the commits from both the branches. Once they are merged you can remove the label of a branch with git delete branch [label name]. The commits will still be there in the history and you will be able to reach them from the master branch (or the branch you merged into)

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Automatic merging saves time and lets you merge the two files automatically if the changes do not interfere. When merging manually it means there was a conflict with part of the code and the related code is marked for review. This prevents bugs in the code and allows you to focus on where the conflict occurs.


Commands:

ls -a | lists all files and folders including the invisable ones
git init | create the .git folder that contains all the meta data
git status | shows which files have changed since the last commit
git add [file] | adds a file to the staging area before a commit is made
git reset [file] | removes the file from the staging area
git rest --hard | discards any changes made to the files in the staging area and working directory. Can't reverse this command, you will lose the changes. Check with git diff --staged before you run rest --hard to make sure you want to lose those changes.
git log | shows the commits
git commit -m "commit message" | commits with the description in the command line.
git commit | will open your text editor for the commit message
git diff | used to compare the working directory and the staging area before commiting.
git diff --staged | This will show the changes made to the files in the staging area to the ones in the most recent commit in the repository
git checkout master | restores the files to the most recent version from the repository
git branch | shows which branch you are currently on
git branch [name] | creates a new branch with the new name
git log --graph --oneline master coins | Visual representation of the commit history
git checkout -b new_branch_name | Create a new branch to retain commits you create
git gc | runs the git garbage collection... the branches that don't have a name will be deleted
git show [commit id] | Will automatically compare the commit id to its parent
git delete branch [label name] | This is used after a merge to remove only the branch label. The commits on that branch will still be reachable from the master branch since they are now merged
git log -n 1 | outputs the most recent commit change. The 1 can be any number depending on how many commit changes you was to output.